README.md, before:

# NPS main theme plugin

## Installing MainTheme dependencies

To use the MainTheme you need to install npm dependencies.
Go to Theme folder:
```
cd custom\plugins\MainTheme
```

Install npm dependencies
```$xslt
npm install
```

Run script that setups GLightbox
```$xslt
npm run glightbox-setup
```


## There are two ways to enable NPS Theme in sales channels across the shop:

### via console commands inside app docker container

To enable NPSInternational Theme via docker commands you need to:

- go into docker app container
```bash
docker-compose exec app bash
```
- refresh plugins list
```bash
bin/console plugin:refresh
```

- install and then activate the Theme Plugin
```bash
bin/console plugin:install --activate MainTheme
```

- assign the NPS theme to sales channels (--all flag will assign theme to all sales channels).
```bash
bin/console theme:change MainTheme --all
```

It might be necessary to rebuilt theme if storefront view is broken by:
```bash
bin/console theme:compile 
```

To assign theme to channels you can also use interactive mode:
```bash
bin/console theme:change MainTheme
```

### via Admin Panel

In Admin dashboard go to `Settings > System > Plugins`.
In My plugins box first install and then activate Main Theme and then assign theme to chosen sales channels:
- go to each channel > Theme tab
- change theme

### Tools
**GLightbox**

We are using GLightbox in our theme. It can display images, galleries, videos, iframes etc.
Full documentation can be found at
https://github.com/biati-digital/glightbox

Commit message:

[NPS-559] adds postinstall npm hooks, switches to using bash for copying

README.md, after:

# NPS main theme plugin

## Installing MainTheme dependencies

To use the MainTheme you need to install npm dependencies.
Go to Theme folder:
```
cd custom\plugins\MainTheme
```

Install npm dependencies
```$xslt
npm install
```

Installing npm dependencies will lunch post-install hooks that will prepare GLightbox to work with this theme.
You can also run this manually with command
```$xslt
npm run glightbox-setup
```


## There are two ways to enable NPS Theme in sales channels across the shop:

### via console commands inside app docker container

To enable NPSInternational Theme via docker commands you need to:

- go into docker app container
```bash
docker-compose exec app bash
```
- refresh plugins list
```bash
bin/console plugin:refresh
```

- install and then activate the Theme Plugin
```bash
bin/console plugin:install --activate MainTheme
```

- assign the NPS theme to sales channels (--all flag will assign theme to all sales channels).
```bash
bin/console theme:change MainTheme --all
```

It might be necessary to rebuilt theme if storefront view is broken by:
```bash
bin/console theme:compile 
```

To assign theme to channels you can also use interactive mode:
```bash
bin/console theme:change MainTheme
```

### via Admin Panel

In Admin dashboard go to `Settings > System > Plugins`.
In My plugins box first install and then activate Main Theme and then assign theme to chosen sales channels:
- go to each channel > Theme tab
- change theme

### Tools
**GLightbox**

We are using GLightbox in our theme. It can display images, galleries, videos, iframes etc.
Full documentation can be found at
https://github.com/biati-digital/glightbox
